[Music]
hey try your skills with this spelling
test 95% of people fail you know
autocorrect can sometimes a noise and
even leave us in some pretty awkward
situations but be honest we've kind of
grown dependent on our phones and
computer spellcheck feature when was the
last time you actually had to test your
spelling skills your 6th grade spelling
bee this quiz will be divided into
simple intermediate and advanced
sections with gradually increasing
difficulty and some of these words leave
even the smartest completely baffled
only 5% of people get all of them right
you'll need to finish the sentences with
the correctly spelled word while you're
taking the test keep track of the
answers you get right at the end of the
video you'll get your results are you
ready then let's start
[Music]
and now for the results drumroll please
if you've got less than 10 words right
you might want to consider working on
your spelling skills a little more if
you've chosen at least 10 correctly
spelled words your level is that of an
extremely smart sixth grader if your
score is between 10 to 14 correct words
not too shabby
you can be proud of yourself for your
spelling skills and if you knew the
spelling of all 15 words you've passed
the test that 95 percent of people fail
congratulations so how many points did
you get and which word puzzle do you the
most
tell us in the comments below share this
quiz with your friends and see if they
can top your score like this video if
you had a good time and subscribe to our
channel you'll always find something
interesting on the bright side of life
you